

The biggest feline on ear-
th is the tiger.

This animal can measure up
to 2,2 m and its tail can
reach 1m of length

###

Tigers were around about 2
million years ago.

###

Over the last 150 years,
the tigers' range has
shrunk by nearly 95%.

There are estimated to be
around 3,900 tigers left in
the wild.

###

One of the most well known
members of Tuna de Enge-
nharia is Camilo, a Tiger.

###

There are more tigers in
captivity in the US than
are left in the wild.

###

Tigers primarily hunt deer
but as opportunistic pre-
dators, they can also eat
wild boars,birds,fish,
rodents,amphibians,repti-
les,and even insects.

A large deer can provide a
tiger with one week's food
but only one out of every
ten hunts is successful.

###

The vocal repertoire of
tigers is vast - they
grunt,growl,roar,moan,
snarl,chuff,hiss and
gasp.

It's thought that each
vocalisation is used to
communicate different
things.

###

Tigers are good swimmers!

###

A tiger's roar can
be heard as far as three
kilometres away!



